_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true
social: true
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

first new commit to site

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  <!-- address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p> -->

news: true
social: true
order: 1
---

I graduated from Harvard in May 2020 with an A.B. in Applied Mathematics, and will begin as a Ph.D. student at Caltech in [Computing and Mathematical Sciences](http://www.cms.caltech.edu/) in September. I am broadly interested in complex systems and their structure, dynamics, and control. Of particular interest to me are systems relevant to problems of energy and sustainability.

During my time at Harvard, I worked with [Boris Kozinsky](https://bkoz.seas.harvard.edu/group/PrincipalInvestigator) on the effect of disorder in facilitating ionic conduction in solid-state materials, and with [Danielle Bassett](https://complexsystemsupenn.com/personal) at Penn on the structure and growth of semantic networks of concepts in mathematics text. I also spent some time my first year working with [Eric Peterson](https://chromotopy.org/) on computational methods for spectral sequence calculations. I am also passionate about pedagogy in the mathematical sciences: I spent the last six of my eight semesters at Harvard teaching or tutoring for courses in mathematics, statistics, and computer science.
